0.  Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis refers to a lung disease caused by silica dust. It is often cited as the longest word in the dictionary.
1.  getrusage() returns the resource being used by the object/process which is passed to it. It can be used for the calling process or it's children processes or it's calling thread.
2.  A variable of type struct rusage has 16 members.
3.  Considering they are of struct rusage datatype, they will be huge in size as each of that datatype has 16 members in it, so we are probably passing the data by reference so save memory due to duplication. Also, the function is working on the resources being used by a process at that particular time if we pass by reference not on a static value if it is stored in some other variable and then passed by value.
4.  In main we first check if the number of arguments passed ae correct, what is the load time for dictionary, whether the dictionary got loaded or not and then opens the file which needs to be checked for spelling.
    Next, a for loop is used to extract each word from the text file to be checked. This is done by taking a single character each time and then checking if it is an alphabet or an /' (if the /' is not at the start of the word) or not. If it is, then the character is stored in a char arroy named word and hence the whole word is taken into this array a character at a time. 
    We also keep checking if the word is not going beyond the maximum characters a word can have (45 here). Also, if a digit is detected in the character beng passed then that alphanumeric string is not considered as a word. If the character fetched is neither an alphabet, a /' or a numeric character and the number of characters in the word array are greater than 0, then that word is cosidered complete and is checked through the misspelled function.
    If the misspelled function returns true, then the word gets printed and the number of misspelled words get incremented by 1. After going through the entire file, the file is closed, dictionary's size is calculated, it is unloaded and benchmarks are reported.
5.  We are using fgetc rather than fscanf so that strings containing numbers and punctuations other than /' are not considered as valid words and hence not checked through the dictionary (if they are considered valid then they will always be misspelled unless and until the dictionary being used also has numbers and other special characters in it)
6.  So that if we try to change the parameters being passed to it by accident or to manipulate it, the compiler gives us an error and reminds us that doing so is not possible.
    If we don't declare them as constant, then words passed can be manipulated to be counted as misspelled or a correct word regardless of whether it is in dictionary or not. Similarly, the words can be manipulated in the dictionary as well.
    